======== SAMPLE 1 ========
INP:
The love of God forswore me in the visitation.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wrong not thy neck, Lord Angelo, with that wicked deed.

LUCIO:
O, wrong not, Lord Angelo; it is God's will.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, let me but pay thee for what thou hast done.

LUCIO:
I'll have thee speak, to get a stone ring.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A woman should speak, to get a stone.

LUCIO:
Whom would to nothing, would to nothing do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A priest should readied, and would beget a bride.

LUCIO:
The man should readied, and would beget a bride.

LUCIO:
The woman should be readied, and talk'd till she delivered.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Such a man would take their clothes hence and marry them
York's way: they were married, not to Gloucester's ground,
But to the seat brutish villain York!

LUCIO:
What cursed ground could he therein use to hurl all
Against his brother's friends, and use their seat in rebellion?
As York and his friends are tyrannous,
So York, their liberties, and all are weak, damnable.
This York is a traitor to his people:
He made them rebels: he is afoot hence,
And therefore bethink thee of cowardice: take away
The coward brother from himself: by Tewksbury,
His coward friends from Gloucester are subdued.

LUCIO:
I trespass to do the will of God: trow of him
As thou art treacherous, doubt no more.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Brave warriors, dispatch: Hastings, Montague,
Hast thou, with thy halbert, the first man that
HASTINGS MEETED MEETED MEETED MEETED MEETED?

First Citizen:
I have minister'd justice for thy denials.

Second Citizen:
Those dukedom's sweet, and sweet it is,
To keep the peace and to keep the pursuit:
To justify themselves and to justify thy rage
Against thy brother is a condition
Of sweet disposition and protector of truth:
Not true to claim a just claim;
For they both lack a just cause to claim
The honour of thine own life. Besides,
Those twos and threes which Edward and Claudio
Have made bitter briers to the king,
His very blood, their very souls, and their
Within particular trembling eyes of fearful fire;
And if they had such grievances,
Where were none that God, the law, and their heaven
Would pity more than any ill can do thee service.
Therefore, in putting on these crowns, I stain
Their proper proportion with the blood
That makes them stand for kings.

First Citizen:
We'll see; conclude with a loud and mean
Courage to their request: God and Saint Paul,
God's minister, should both be at Plashine
To see this done.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I think it would be well
It should be commanded, and that it should proceed.
SICINIUS:
Let them seek me here; I will not want them here.

LUCIO:
Here's much for them: for my poor father, they do need
A place to themselves: therefore bring me food.

HORTENSIO:
Here's a plague
's upon Rome, and you must minister it.

Provost:
Pray, do; and bring it me here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The plague upon you.
How now, ho! what's here? the mutinous woman
Whose children, with their smooth paved feet, have stumbled
Upon my heavy steeds?

HORTENSIO:
Away, ho!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A hundred shillv'll for ten, 'tis ten like
To drive a hundred in a bootless screed.
Provost, a word with you; we shall assist you
In all you undertake.

Provost:
I have great comfort from Escalus,
His uncles in civil affairs, and his wife,
His sighing apprehension of the banishment
Upon his party, his 'great rest, to whose haste
It takes and turns with much impatience.
To him is bound up in quiet, with Bolingbroke
His solemn promise to deliver the city
