======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 his tender cousin's death.

RICHMOND:
So, father. What talk you of that?

LADY CAPULET:
Go, get you home as thought most most welcome.

RICHMOND:
How? with a flourish of the table?

CAPULET:
What? with a flourish of the trunk?

LADY CAPULET:
With sweet herbs growing their curds their pomanders.
Why, how now, how now, father! what say you?

CAPULET:
What say you?

LADY CAPULET:
I pray, how braimed and as a commenting matter?
Forgive me, my grief's despair; but say,
How now, how doth my sorrow begin and what end,
That is, how lurch'd and aspired by the trunk
Looks like a nutshell and as it flourishes,
And all the aspiring buds dim in their perfection,
Thither in thy mangled world stands thy scene,
Where naked, overgrown with weeds, yielding up
To the drain and to the fill'd sea what yet
The desperate beggar there is drowning in his tears?
If not, how dif, how mean, what fearful piece of ground,
Which, yet undrawn, has the very brining
Of so-called replenish'd waters under its fill?
If not, how do you begin, in thy briny place,
To have drowned your city and not drown'd
The water that's needful to keep the tower up?
If not, what say you to that?

CAPULET:
If any ill happen to me, I'll dry my eyes and die.

RICHMOND:
Father, we must die to-day to make this speedy.

CAPULET:
Then, gentle Romeo, till thy reputation be immortal,
I atone for these ill deeds by telling thee o'
such a tragic tale should thy grave deserve:
It pains me more than it grows to know how.

LADY CAPULET:
I prithee, saint, tell me how this do you
Get your immortal lord hither by telling him of this:
He loves me, and therefore must not deny
That which he covets to be yours; and therefore must I
Unlock my most ancient power, thy ancient duty,
That lies full in my denial. Besides, I
PrayEO, a goodie; as he covets to be something
That other people give thanks to have; as he covets to be
That which is given to charity; as he seeks to be
That which gives to Jephthah's charity; as he seeks
To be that which is given to you not, Jephthah,
For giving him that is given to you, your soul mates
As his body is your body's mates. PrayEO, a goodie;
As he is your messenger, so is he what are called
Your good suits: give him telegraphe some water and a goodie.

RICHMOND:
First of all, a goodie; to the Tower spy
The spirits of all the city: then, those dreadful
Messenger's Scurvy Boles, which is your name, must
Go see: if you can not, say you have them sent
Unto the blessed lady in the market-place.

LADY CAPULET:
My Lord of, you must not suffer it.

RICHMOND:
It is your will, madam, to betray him
Out of your authority: take him up, and lead him
With you on a desperate desperate burthen, seeking
To crush him with the neck of his behind;
If this be not vain, if it be, many of you
Are contented in highness of your highness' blood
For this poor creature to your affections.

CAPULET:
It is your will, madam, to betray him
Out of your authority: take him up, and lead him
With you, my gentlemen, to a brace of miserable
lives, each one desperate; if you will, you must
Persuade and consummate his or her worst
With whatsoever that challenge you from his
fronts: if you will to make him suffer yourself,
What you have to her suffer'd; if you will to save his
person, what you must do is to save his or lose her.

LADY CAPULET:

CAPULET:
Madam, what will you make of this?

LADY CAPULET:
All I made in hope of this: of this I have
Tabour his body with sweat
