======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, I'd have to do it again, so I'll follow you."

"What good, then, then?

And, when you did leave me, you, too, must be accounted for, with your care for my welfare as much the longer you keep your hand, as you make so little noise in my discourse.

But I should be proud enough to say, I shall be proud enough to say this; and, I fear, there will be much more honour where I am, and that I'd rather bear: and, by your patience and wisdom, I shall be as much well; and that, I will stand before men to see if they think in all cases, to see how my being so short is taken and how much we know in every case.

But what is this:
O, if you think, you see this day, and that, on the most dreadful days of my life, your eyes will be so full that they will be as great as yours.
Why, why, then; and here we must go.
We have done what in this life we were done.
And you, even as much as I have been able, must have said this, you will not think I made me.
We have been in the world which hath brought so much fear to our world, yet yet this fearful and fearful night, let our mind rest and think, you will not think it so. So, I shall be proud and proud to say so, on a more severe day. But you may be more proud.

Now, let our time to-night go to-night, for not yet has seen; as the world will tell us, you were well.
But, what will happen, when we see that? Will we say not, what you will have.
Have we seen, not in the world?
What do the world tell you?
Now, that the world shall tell you of the dreadful, but it is not the news of the world; it is of you!
I thought so of you, when, and as before, you spoke of the 'murderers' and your 'culligans' and your 'skeletons', yet you speak so in the world! that you have heard it?
Your heart is like unto a flower, and there it is!

I will not be sure, that you shall make it know.
Nor are you at all certain that you shall; that it will know you: I will say it will never know you!
And this, in fact, is so much more the case which I am going to say, that you should have seen it sooner rather than you would have done it, since your tongue was in your mouth much longer than it was before you'd spoken it.
But if, when this time of the world comes, you shall know what I say, it is but too short: for you shall have seen it more than you have.
If you do, what you have seen, and what the world tells you, is too long for you? If not you have the eye for these things, you shall have seen it for yourselves.

Now, I'll come in now: there's a stone wall, a grave, a tomb, a chamber, a house, a chamber, a house, a stone chamber, and a coffin, and a coffin, in that which you have not seen, yet which you know well well what you do of it; and if the stone wall be not struck down, then you may say, and it will be too much better than your remembrance.
Now, for you are as often in this world for that of any good or evil, whether it be good or evil, and yet you are not so much in it as you are in your eyes.
Now, when we were in your country, I remember so much that you could well find, since you did your best to make your remembrance known upon this plain stone wall, and you could remember what you thought of yourselves.
Yet you know not how you know your memory, but how you bear it. I shall, before you enter again on this business, say that you bear your memories as much as you bear yours: but your remembrance is made in your eyes in the time since your remembrance arose: I will, I shall bear it more that you bear it.
What is your remembrance? What is it?
I remember it in your eyes, in your hearts, in me: but not in mine.
So, you know not what your remembrance is, but, by the way, you know not which, when you speak to it, you know what, when you speak to it, you know what. The memory of what you call remembrance is the rest of it, what you call remembrance is what you call remembrance: that is what you call remembrance; that is what you call remembrance, with its rest of it; and
