======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 come there and the next two days and then we started meeting. We started to speak about this very real situation. So we were really interested to hear from them. But it was a long time.

JAMES: You know, the first part of the interview is very much about the family, and I'm going to ask: Did the family, if they had children, give you any answers as to why they're being persecuted; I mean, I think it's part of our way down because the world was so harsh in a very short period of time. But you see this coming.

And as you can tell, this is an issue that you had some time before, and our response to that is, you know, we can't say we aren't worried; we have to understand what they face. But they're not worried; they're more worried than we could ever imagine being, being at a crossroads in their lives.

JAMES: What else was going on?

JAMES: Well, it's not all in our name. But that's the basic issue; you know, we've known for a long period of time that we'll try to figure this out. People know there's some thing going on here that we should look at. I mean, you know, this is an issue that we'll go down, like this. We'll try to make this issue an issue that will be an issue that we'll talk about; that we'll come out and explain it. That's kind of the nature of the human experience. So that's what we're here to talk about right now.

(LAUGHTER)

JAMES: And I'll say this. I think there are some people that see it as a problem, and I think there are, I think, some people who are skeptical of us and I think it's a problem that we're there for. I mean, we'd be much better off not doing that. But to me, as you, as an activist, to you as an individual, and you're saying you know more than anybody why something's happening, I think you have to ask yourself, I think you have to ask yourself: What's a way to make this happen? In all our lives, we'll never do that.<|endoftext|>MADRID—With several hundred demonstrators holding signs, flags, and slogans protesting against Spain's nationalization of a Spanish national park and the government's attempt to control it, hundreds gathered outside the Spanish consulate in Lisbon on Sunday morning, the latest in a series of pro-European protests aimed at undermining the government's attempt at control of Catalonia's autonomous region.

An estimated 75,000 people were expected to converge outside the consulate on Sunday, where they chanted slogans such as "national liberation!" "All the people" and "Catalan revolution!"
, "No Madrid," read ones printed up on government signs on the walls of the consulate in Lisbon.
?In the center of central Madrid, about 70,000 people gathered Saturday against the government's attempts to cut out Catalonia's regional government and control the country's largest natural gas mine. A small group of pro-European protesters, clad in a "national liberation!" flag and holding a sign reading "We are the People to be protected," waved banners with the same slogans as Sunday's mass gathering.

A group of young people dressed in paramilitary fatigues marched on the front steps of the consulate, where they held portraits of people they identified with the European Union as part of a larger group of protesters.

Many people in the Spanish consulate also marched on its front steps, as some of them were protesting against a government decree that would see the nationalisation of the national park.

An estimated 70,000 people were expected to converge outside the consulate on Sunday, where they chanted slogans such as "national liberation!" "All the people" and "Catalan revolution!"

Some of the pro-European protesters, who wore white balaclavas, waved them and chanted slogans such as "national liberation!" "All the people!"

?Some of those gathered in front of the consulate were chanting slogans such as "U.K. is a threat to Spain," and "the government's policy of controlling the country's resources" that the Spanish government described as a "nationalization of Catalonia."

?Pro-European and pro-European politicians in Madrid are trying to avoid an escalating confrontation from within Spanish politics, said Jose Antonio Maravilla, a member of the Spanish parliament's National Assembly, who attended the meeting with Maravilla.

Maravilla said that his country's "policy of controlling the country's resources" was a "nationalization of Catalonia."

The pro-European and anti-European crowds came to the consulate to oppose the government's move.
'Dirty and dirty'

The pro-European demonstrators were joined by the hundreds of activists gathered in front of the Spanish consulate on
