======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a family whose sister is murdered by her own husband is a former Marine who served as the commander of the U.S. Forces in Kenya during the South Sudanese Civil War. In the aftermath, the United States sends a Navy Seals to search the island for the missing people and rescue the ship's crew.  At the base, a group of friends, including U.S. Navy Captain Charles "Chip" Huggins, are on board the USS George L. "Chipy" Hunter, where they find that the United States Navy has been unable to find them. As Chip explains the problem, they rescue a few of their survivors. Chip, who has been missing for most of the week, is also alive, though he has been missing since his assignment with the USS USS George L. "Chipy" Hunter.  Captain Thomas Paine (Richard D. Cully) discovers the missing U.S. Navy Seals and orders them to come as soon as possible, not while at sea.  Thomas is taken to the Naval Archives, where he discovers Chip. Chip's family is also missing. A U.S. Navy SEAL ship, the USS George L. "Chipy" Hunter, escorts Thomas to the island. Thomas is unaware of the missing U.S. Navy Seals, which include his family and two fellow SEALs. Thomas is ordered to retrieve the missing Navy Seals from the ocean to help his family.  Upon searching in the harbor, Thomas breaks into a bathroom and finds a missing Navy Seals inside, along with his friends. The Navy SEALs search the area, which turns out to be a military airfield with a beach on either side. In the final moments, a seaman who was on a training mission dives into the water at the surface and then dies from the heat wave, and that night, a ship sinks into the ocean.  In the wake of the tragedy, the USS George L. "Chipy" Hunter is attacked from a small fishing boat. The gunned boat sinks during a fishing raid, but all the crewmembers take cover inside the boat. Their search continues as more U.S. Navy Seals arrive to look for them and the ship sinks. It is revealed that an unnamed crew member, Captain Charles "Chipy" Huggins, is still on board, and his crew members decide that it is best for him to leave. Chip is taken away in the ship, then has a final mission of killing the USS George L. "Chipy" Hunter. Upon that, the survivors are returned aboard the USS George L. "Chipy" Hunter. Thomas is taken with his two friends, and they find a submarine, the USS George L. "Chipy", lying on the deck. Thomas tells the truth.  The ship sinks and crashes on their way to a nearby Navy Seals base the next day. The Americans attempt to use ship-to-ship warfare against other nations, but Chip manages to escape in time. They are then rescued by crew members and a group of Navy Seals.  Thomas tells Chip about the Navy. When the last Navy Seals arrive at their base in Washington, D.C., the Navy Seals say that they are now returning to their home country (a country the original U.S. Navy had ruled since the fall of the Somalian Somme). The Navy also reminds them that they have killed two Somme pirates, in the process killing the remaining Navy Seals. The crew of the USS George L. "Chipy" Hunter are now part of a new group of sailors on board. One of them is the first Navy Seals to return to live in a country where they have not been killed by the Somme pirates, but for two of the Somme pirates who attacked the USS George L. "Chipy" Hunter, Chip has ordered Chip out of New Zealand, and is now taking a training assignment to meet his younger brother in the United States.  Chip tells his sister, Sarah about the news, and the boat explodes in flames. On the way home, Chip tells Sarah that it's his last chance, and he has been hiding there for six months to avoid getting shot. Sarah tells Chip that he has a wife who had a child with a young Navy Seals. In the wake of his brother's death, Chip decides that he will be returning home.  As the new group arrives on board the ship, they rescue Sarah and Sarah's five children. On board, Chip's new group of Navy Seals help, and the ship sinks.  Chip tells Chip about the Somme pirates. At this point, the USS George L. "Chipy" Hunter begins sinking, and Chip tries to call the other survivors and rescue them to the ship for safekeeping. Later, Chip and Sarah take refuge in a base in Texas, while the other survivors are in a bunker in Louisiana. It is later revealed that Chip had sent his team to find the missing Somme pirates, killing three
