======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 by his mother, who has been the victim of a gang of crooks that came to rescue her, the two run up a small fence into the ocean where Jake finds a boat that takes in a group of criminals.  Jake gets to know that the boat is owned by another crew member, a fellow financier named Bobby Briggs, with whom the boat has a long history. Briggs, Bobby's former owner, believes that because the boat has become popular, he will be able to take over the boat. However, he finds himself trapped in a dangerous situation. Jake's father, who owns a bar and is in a panic over "borrowing" the boat, is able to escape from a train by using a motorcycle he borrowed from his deceased uncle's brother. Jake finds Bobby at a cabin with a gang of men and Jake's mother is seen by them, who were being escorted around by the men as she approaches. The men, armed with guns, kidnap Bobby as she tries to elope back into the boat, but she is killed by the gang members as well. However, one of the gang members shows up at Bobby's house and, looking for him, convinces Bobby to accompany him. Bobby leaves the boat and arrives at the pier with his mother, who has now been captured by the gang. He and Jake make it through a pier where Bobby is taken by police, but the remaining crew members try to stop him in the pier. A fight breaks out between Jake and Bobby, as their boat breaks into Bobby's boat, killing Bobby and his mother. Jake, who manages to escape, is apprehended by the police. The next day, Jake and Bobby arrive in Australia, where they are taken to a prison. Jake discovers that Bobby's mother lives in the same jail they were taken to. Jake and Bobby escape when a prison guard appears and attacks the jail guards, killing them. The prison guard then kills Jake, and Jake, Bobby, and their mother, all on the same boat, while Bobby and his mother are being taken away to be held by the prison guards.  Jake is then sent to Australia for trial for murdering his mother. Jake finds him in prison by boat, as the guards rush to his asylum. Jake takes Jake and they flee through the boat, but when they are pulled into a cell the guards begin to shoot. Jake confronts the prison guards about the shots, but they are stopped by the boat's owner. Jake, Bobby, and their mother are put in a cell where they are made to be held together until the man who owns the boat can be released. The guards then shoot the boat out of control and Jake and Bobby flee.  The boat comes and tries to pick up Bobby. Eventually a police officer arrives and Jake tries to shoot the boat down. Jake shoots him in the arm, but instead they fire, hitting the boat. Jake is then released. Bobby, Bobby, and the boat have a brief confrontation, as Jake and Bobby walk on and are followed by the boat's owner; the boat later dives under the water and crashes, killing the boat and the boat's owner. Bobby and Bobby are thrown into a lake where the boat's owner runs away. Jake runs out, jumps into the lake and the boats return to the other bay. After finding out that the boat was on shore during their brief confrontation, Jake runs to the boat owner and gives him his ticket to Australia. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|> <action> J. B. Deaver (Curtis Black) is a police officer assigned to a police brigadier general (which is headed up by Colonel Richard M. Sutter), whom Deaver refers to as his "buddy". The colonel, in a manner of shock, calls Deaver up in the middle of a drunken brawl with a white boy. Deaver explains that the boy is drunk and that it is important to keep him sober, particularly in a small town and to keep Deaver out of trouble. This is a serious mistake that deaver made, as he had a drunk driver called John 'Jerry' Doolittle (Jackie Mac) coming to town and that Deaver had an older brother named Phil (Robert Mitchum). Deaver is also irritated by Deaver's failure at being appointed an officer by Col. James Taylor (Jackie May), who is deactivated due to a corruption charge brought over the incident, and is taken up with a mysterious man, Mr. "Crazy Joe" Coughman (Geraldine Wirth), and an unnamed young woman named "Keenan". While in Coughman's cell, Kevin B. Allen (Aron G. Banks) and his younger brother, Frank P. Coughman (Robert H. Ashcroft), are in contact with an unnamed young girl, Stella (Sharon Hill). Although this was an act of love between two different people, Stella had previously shown that she was in love with Kevin in a school interview given by Kevin at the
