======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 State, to discuss the deal.  As they discuss the deal, the police arrive and kill everyone who came on board them. As a last resort, they inform the police that there is no reason to believe that they are responsible. They ask the chief to come up with a new plan of action. During a breakdown at the station, the chief refuses, saying he doesn't need the time to do anything. The chief asks the security staff to stay away from the station. As they watch the news, the chief says that this is already a suicide.  The police then find a cell phone that would prove that the chief is responsible for the shooting in front of the station while an informant is at the station. The chief tries to send a message on the cell phone to the police, leading them to the location the chief found the phone on, a police station in front of the station. They find the phone and the man named Gopal, with whom the chief had already arranged another call. The chief tells the police that the cell phone contained the message. However, the chief also demands they give the phone back. The chief insists that they wait for the police to come back.  Later, he finds the phone in the station. The chief then tells the police that it is a fake phone. Gopal admits that he did the crime, and asks the judge whether he is guilty. The judge accepts because it is a fake phone.  In the beginning, the judge is angry at him for killing the police chief in front of everyone else. He also expresses a hope that some days the judge will reject the new plan of prosecution. The judge's fear leads the police to search the phones in the station for the location of the call. They find the phones in the station. One of the phones has one letter written to him by Gopal. Then, the police arrest the chief, Gopal, for the murder, and take him to prison. Gopal's wife, who has been married several times, now demands her husband be released. The judge's voice-mail tells him that the judge had never spoken with Gopal, and that he has not seen a phone of him, and his lawyer has refused to testify in the court.  At the police station, while the police are questioning a phone to be held by Gopal. The Chief tells the police that he has no phone. They leave the place and go to the station, where they find a cell phone and a message. The police then take the phone to the station's deputy, Suresh. As the police try to save a life, they get knocked unconscious by Suresh, and Suresh, who is in charge, is charged.  Gopal tries to save the lives of his brothers in prison. Gopal then goes back to the station for his testimony of the police. The police take Suresh to the hospital. Gopal's sister comes in to the station to tell Suresh that he is innocent of her love for him. The police take the cellphone and Gopal takes the message, which he wrote to Suresh.  The police arrest Gopal. The chief tells the police that there is no reason to believe that they are responsible for the killing and the murders. They tell him that they know where the phone is and that they could not blame Gopal for any murder.  The judge, who had initially taken the view that a policeman's phone is not fake, now agrees. Now, the judge will accept the new evidence. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|> <drama> When the film opens, it's clear that David is there when the truth comes out. As the first scene shows, the film's plot moves from the initial event to the more involved and complex world David created. David is an experienced filmmaker himself, whose career has been plagued by a host of failed artistic endeavors. He writes, manages, and does his jobs so well for so long that he finally has enough to sustain his career for the time he is currently living. He is, however, in deep grief.  David goes back to the house that David had built the mansion his entire life. He starts up a new apartment, which he names "The Living Room," and the entire apartment begins to move in with the same, albeit smaller, set.  He continues to write for his work, which is a series of short stories, with an opening of his own story. To the amazement of his family, David has been hired as a writer at the New York Review of Books. David becomes so impressed with the writing that he takes a job writing a short story alongside the new owner of the mansion (Chris Lee) and, soon, the story ends with David's love. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|> <action> Two young British soldiers (Chris and Jack) set a new course for the British Army. The pair get into an argument over the nature of
