======== SAMPLE 1 ========
s with him over the phone, but then finds this person is a terrorist in uniform and he tries to get his passport back. But a few moments later an old man gives him fake documents and he then kills the terrorist as he calls the police about the fake passport. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|> <drama> It is the story of the journey of a Muslim woman and her journey and her struggles in the journey of a Muslim man: they are given two lives. The film tells how the Muslim woman was educated after the fall of the Ottoman Empire and the Muslim man becomes a modern-day Mahtayan (a Muslim or spiritual guide) in the form of a lawyer for his clients. As a Muslim woman, she is told they get married with their two brothers and the marriage of father and son is cancelled, but is not in vain and the Muslim man accepts. The movie takes place in six months and each Muslim man decides the wedding of his wife and the Muslim man's wife, especially if they marry their Muslim brothers and their families, including a son, are all Muslim. To the Muslims, every single Muslim man is in conflict with their Muslim brothers and their families. The movie tells how these conflicts are being experienced by a Muslim woman, and how she goes through life. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|> <drama> Ramesh (Brahmaji) is an actor who does a well performing piece in his career. He is best known for the role of the movie star on the movie of his next movie. One day while on holiday he receives a call from a stranger in a black suit who introduces himself as 'Sathyanathan'. He comes from the city and he takes care of Ramesh, so that Ramesh's family members can find him and get him out of their house. Ramesh's best friend and close friend Radha (Durga) introduces him to some young couple and Sathyanathan falls in love with them. Ramesh and the couple go to an area of India where Radha falls in love with a student. Ramesh's relatives take Ramesh to the local mosque to ask for forgiveness. After the request they invite Ramesh to their house for an act of confession & marriage because Ramesh's family members are not in favour of their marriage being arranged by the religious leader for him.  However, the young couple goes to the house and the younger couple are not the same couple but they have a relationship. In the meanwhile, Ramesh is in love with Radha and he comes to Mumbai, where he gets involved with his close personal friends.  Ramesh is not willing to get out of jail or his family get a loan from a large company and he takes Ramesh to his house, where he has his marriage to Ramesh's family. Ramesh is also not very happy about it, that both are married to the same people. Ramesh has another intention of getting out of jail in his career. He wants to do a show in Mumbai, where Radha works, but Ramesh gets caught by Ramesh's relatives in a big brawl in Delhi, India.  The film opens in the backdrop of the situation in India, where people are unhappy in their lives. Radha and Ramesh are happy couple who lives with their mother, aunt and brother, and they are not concerned about Ramesh or her family from there. On the other hand, Ramesh is worried and frustrated and falls in love with Radha, but his family, friends, and the other people get ready for his love life, but he can not express the love he has between her and him.  One day, in the morning, Ramesh, his family, his friends and the whole family come to a place to see Radha, where they meet her and get the marriage to her family and friends. At the spot Jai (J.P. Viswanathan), Radha wants to get up from an event to attend to Radha's family. Radha feels very comfortable and gets up from the spot where he goes to perform with his friend and his uncle Sathyanathyanath (Anju Sundari) to give him a tour to the place in which he would perform. He tells him that he is going to the movie, that he's going to perform Radha with Sathyanath's family for which he accepts it. Later, when he gets back from the airport, his family and his friends are scared and try to get him out of jail, but he does not take them very seriously. His family who wants Ramesh and them to stay in jail tries to get him to stay at the house but him does not want to have a family for which he feels a lot.  On the other hand, they meet Kajula (Prakash Raj) who, by the way
